HCIDOCS-474-OCI: AI installation on OCI bare metal (#82685)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/using-assisted-installer-oci-agent-iso.adoc

[id="using-assisted-installer-oci-agent-iso_{context}"]

> = Using the {ai-full} to generate an {oci}-compatible discovery ISO image

Reviewer: Noticing this title is really long in the output. Would it work to omit AI and OCI since we are in the OCI via AI section anyway?
```suggestion
= Generating a compatible discovery ISO image
```

Create the cluster configuration and generate the discovery ISO image in the {ai-full} web console. 

.Prerequisites

* You created a child compartment and an object storage bucket on {oci}. For details, see _Preparing the {oci} environment_. 
* You reviewed details about the {product-title} installation and update processes. 

> == Creating the cluster

Reviewer: This change splits the procedure into two procedures. This requires two procedure modules (can't have two sets of `.Procedure` steps)

Set the cluster details. 

.Procedure

. Log into link:https://console.redhat.com/[{ai-full} web console] with your credentials.

> . In the *Red Hat OpenShift* tile, select *OpenShift*. 

Reviewer: I assume all these uses of "OpenShift" are how they appear in the GUI. As a team, we probably need to revisit adding an attribute for such cases.

> . In the *Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform* tile, select *Create Cluster*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Red{nbsp}Hat {product-title}* tile, select *Create Cluster*.
```

. On the *Cluster Type* page, scroll down to the end of the *Cloud* tab, and select *Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (virtual machines)*. 

. On the *Create an OpenShift Cluster* page, select the *Interactive* tile.

. On the *Cluster Details* page, complete the following fields:
+
[cols="1,3",options="header",subs="quotes"]
|===
|Field |Action required

|*Cluster name*
|Specify the name of your cluster, such as `oci`. This is the same value as the cluster name in {oci}.

|*Base domain*
|Specify the base domain of the cluster, such as `openshift-demo.devcluster.openshift.com`. 

This must be the same value as the zone DNS server in {oci}.

|*OpenShift version*

> | * For installations on virtual machines only, specify `OpenShift 4.14` or a later version.
> 
> * For installations that include bare metal machines, specify `OpenShift 4.16` or a later version.

Reviewer: This isn't showing as a bulleted list. Needs an `a` flag:
```suggestion
a| * For installations on virtual machines only, specify `OpenShift 4.14` or a later version.

* For installations that include bare-metal machines, specify `OpenShift 4.16` or a later version.
```

|*CPU architecture*
| Specify `x86_64` or `Arm64`.

|*Integrate with external partner platforms*
|Specify `Oracle Cloud Infrastructure`.

After you specify this value, the *Include custom manifests* checkbox is selected by default and the *Custom manifests* page is added to the wizard.
|===

. Leave the default settings for the remaining fields, and click *Next*.

. On the *Operators* page, click *Next*.

> == Generating the Discovery ISO image

Reviewer: New proc needs a new module (and heading ID)

Generate and download the Discovery ISO image.

.Procedure

> . On the *Host Discovery* page, click *Add hosts* and do the following:

Reviewer: Single step proc
```suggestion
* On the *Host Discovery* page, click *Add hosts* and complete the following steps:
```
